Introduction:
Many real systems in the world can be described as
complex networks or graphs. The entities of the system are
represented by the nodes and the interactions between the
nodes are represented by the edges. Examples of well-known
networks are social media and online social networking sites
such as Facebook, Google+, and twitter.
 For better understanding of complex networks,
researchers have tried to find more structural features of these
networks. One of these features is community structure. As a
matter of fact, community structure considered as clusters of
densely connected groups of vertices.
The community detection has been subject to some
problems. In fact, no definition is universally accepted for
community structure, then, the most of social networks such as
Facebook, Twitter, and Flickr considered as a dynamic
network in which changes of their community structure are
frequently introduced over time.
S. Bouhali and M. Ellouze, "Community detection in social network: Literature review and research perspectives," 2015 IEEE International Conference on Service Operations And Logistics, And Informatics (SOLI), Yasmine Hammamet, Tunisia, 2015, pp. 139-144
In recent years, the use of clustering algorithms to detect
communities in social networks has attracted researchers’
attention. Due to the lack of access to complete information on social networks, local methods are used to increase
efficiency and speed in large-scale networks. In most local
methods, communities are determined by selecting important
nodes as the core of communities. Most existing works have
disadvantages, such as low accuracy due to inappropriate
core selection, lack of scalability, and uncertainty in the
results.
A new approach LCD-SN to detect
communities in social networks is
a local method based on node ranking. LCD-SN algorithm
consists of three phases. In the first phase, network nodes
are ranked using a new criterion called IMP, and initial local
communities are formed around high-ranked nodes. In the
second phase, overlapping nodes are assigned to a single
community using the GLHN similarity measure. In the third
phase, the obtained communities in the previous phase are
improved by post-processing (removing small communities
and merging weak communities with strong ones). Among
the advantages of the proposed algorithm its dependence on
the minimum number of input parameters, its locality and no
need for the information of the entire network, not having
the problem of resolution limit, and most importantly, its
certainty could be mentioned.J. Sheykhzadeh, B. Zarei and F. Soleimanian Gharehchopogh, "Community Detection in Social Networks Using a Local Approach Based on Node Ranking," in IEEE Access, vol. 12, pp. 92892-92905, 2024
In this article we have introduced an improved wway to find the in